Add Documentation after 0.3.0 release (#94)
AbsaOSS/hermes: _docs/0.3/usage/plugins/dataset-comparison-plugin.md

---
layout: docs
title: Plugin - Dataset Comparison
version: '0.3'
categories:
    - '0.3'
    - 'usage'
    - 'plugins'
redirect_from: /docs/usage/plugins/dataset-comparison-plugin
---

Dataset comparison plugin executes a Hermeses Dataset Comparison module

Arguments (`args`) are expected in the same format as described in the [documentation]({{ site.baseurl }}/docs/{{ page.version }}/usage/dataset-comparison#parameters) about running a dataset comparison spark job. Only excluding `out-path`.

> Write arguments (`writeArgs`) are in the same way but only for the `out-path`, format, etc.

Reviewer: Did I understood in correctly?
```suggestion
Arguments (`writeArgs`) are to affect the output and are provided in the same way as above. But only some are valid like  `out-path`, `format`, etc.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe add the info, that out-path in "writeArgs" is mandatory for dataset comparison. I am not sure if it is totally clear in this place.

Author: Fixed
